README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). It makes use of the [walkthrough by Matthew Brown](https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-incorporate-openlayers-maps-into-react-65b411985744) on implementing [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/) in React, but I took into consideration the [Simcoe County Web Viewer](https://github.com/county-of-simcoe-gis/SimcoeCountyWebViewer/tree/master/docs) so that we might be better able to pull in some of the many features from that expansive and well-featured project.* 

*There are very odd structural choices made in the SCWV which I will not be following, and I advise doing research before you follow their implementation to the letter. Notably, calling ReactDOM.render() multiple times throughout the project, as well as mutating the window object to act as some sort of repository for global state, and the ensuing chaos of trying to create listeners to catch changes to said global state, and in the process completely bypassing React's built-in state management....which is kind of why React exists at all in the first place. So that beats me. Don't follow their example to the letter, at least on any project I might pick up from you. I beg you.

## Getting Up and Running

First off, make sure you're running npm 6.14.14, and node 14.17.5. If you type `npm -v` or `node -v` and you get different versions, [follow the install instructions for nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and then follow the same guide on how to install and use the correct versions of npm and node in your project directory.

*Not following these instructions will lead to weird behaviour, including failures to compile which will make you think it's an issue with some package or another. I am speaking from personal experience here. Do not skip this step; you'll spend days debugging weird errors until you figure out that it has nothing to do with Babel or Sass or react-scripts or whatever it is saying*

Once you've done this, navigate to your project root and run `npm install`. 

After its done installing, running `npm start` should spin it up on your local port 3030 and you should see it if you navigate to localhost:3030 in your browser. Yay!


## Hints

The config.json file will probably come quite in handy.

I've put in the bones for you to throw in a Vector layer or a Raster layer; their types according to MapLayer would be "Vector" and "Raster" respectively, and their sources should 


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

clarifying info on how to use data sources

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). It makes use of the [walkthrough by Matthew Brown](https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-incorporate-openlayers-maps-into-react-65b411985744) on implementing [OpenLayers](https://openlayers.org/) in React, but I took into consideration the [Simcoe County Web Viewer](https://github.com/county-of-simcoe-gis/SimcoeCountyWebViewer/tree/master/docs) so that we might be better able to pull in some of the many features from that expansive and well-featured project.* 

*There are very odd structural choices made in the SCWV which I will not be following, and I advise doing research before you follow their implementation to the letter. Notably, calling ReactDOM.render() multiple times throughout the project, as well as mutating the window object to act as some sort of repository for global state, and the ensuing chaos of trying to create listeners to catch changes to said global state, and in the process completely bypassing React's built-in state management....which is kind of why React exists at all in the first place. So that beats me. Don't follow their example to the letter, at least on any project I might pick up from you. I beg you.

## Getting Up and Running

First off, make sure you're running npm 6.14.14, and node 14.17.5. If you type `npm -v` or `node -v` and you get different versions, [follow the install instructions for nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and then follow the same guide on how to install and use the correct versions of npm and node in your project directory.

*Not following these instructions will lead to weird behaviour, including failures to compile which will make you think it's an issue with some package or another. I am speaking from personal experience here. Do not skip this step; you'll spend days debugging weird errors until you figure out that it has nothing to do with Babel or Sass or react-scripts or whatever it is saying*

Once you've done this, navigate to your project root and run `npm install`. 

After its done installing, running `npm start` should spin it up on your local port 3030 and you should see it if you navigate to localhost:3030 in your browser. Yay!


## Hints

The config.json file will probably come quite in handy.

I've put in the bones for you to throw in a Vector layer or a Raster layer; their types according to MapLayer would be "Vector" and "Raster" respectively, and their sources should be digested through the DataSources components (for example, using toVector to digest your geojson feature or featurecollection into an OL-friendly format). There is an example of using an alternate WMTS server rather than osm [on my Navigator project](https://github.com/lyramer/navigator).


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
